feat(dli): the resource supports associate elastic resource pool (#4254)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/dli_queue.md

```bash
terraform import huaweicloud_dli_queue.example terraform_dli_queue_test
```

Note that the imported state may not be identical to your resource definition, due to some attributes missing from the
API response. The missing attributes include: `tags`.

> It is generally recommended running `terraform plan` after importing a desktop.

Reviewer: please fix others

```suggestion
It is generally recommended running `terraform plan` after importing a DLI queue.
```

Author: fixed
